c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Orders Engine-module 2.dll.config
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Orders Engine-module 2.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Orders Engine-module 2.pdb
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\obj\Debug\Orders Engine-module 2.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\obj\Debug\Orders Engine-module 2.pdb
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Scaffolding.EntityFramework.12.0.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Scaffolding.12.0.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\EnvDTE.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\EnvDTE80.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\stdole.dll
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Scaffolding.EntityFramework.12.0.xml
c:\users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Scaffolding.12.0.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\siddharth.bhatnagar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Orders Engine-module 2\Orders Engine-module 2\obj\Debug\Orders Engine-module 2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
